# HACK THE GALAXY Puzzle 15

The file `puzzle15.py` contains a rudimentary and manual solution to the 
[15th challenge by Rapyd](https://community.rapyd.net/t/puzzle-15-transfers/24768) 
in the *"Hack the Galaxy"* contest. 

**I assume that you are familiar with the challenge rules. If not, please
go check it out with the link above.**  

First enter the two words were `word_1` is the word on the left and `word_2`
is the one on the right. When running the script, it will automatically generate
all possible words that can be generated by moving one letter from the left word to
the right word. It then checks all these words against the english dictionary and 
returns those that are valid english words.

The user can then manually pick the word that they think fits one of the 
categories that were described in the contest and if they want to,
they may doublecheck the solution by removing the letter from the first word that was 
used to generate the solution word.

## Example
We have the words `MOROSE` and `ORCA`.

This returns the following result: 
> - CAROM
> - OSCAR
> - MARCO
> - OCREA
> - MAROC
> - ORCAS
> - MACRO

From this list we choose `OSCAR`, since it is part of the NATO Alphabet (one of the
categories).

We can see that in order to build `OSCAR` from `ORCA` we needed the letter `S` from the
word `MOROSE`.
This means we remove the `S` from it and go doublecheck with the word `MOROE`.  
The check returns a list containing the words: 
> - MOORE
> - ROMEO

`ROMEO` is also a word in the NATO Alphabet, hence our solution is correct. 

We note down the letter `S` as part of the solution and move on.